I don't remember.
Mom, I got you to the hospital in time.
Good boy, I know you're the lucky star of our family.
Fortunately, her grandmother couldn't remember being pushed to the rescue by her bleeding.
Don't tell me who saved him.
The late general manager, I packed up first and am ready to go home.
I gave it to you.
My grandmother just woke up.
Sorry, I have a friend to pick me up.
You two talk first.
Won't my nephew do anything wrong with you?
Hey, Sister Snow, won't you leave the hospital tomorrow?
Why are you back today?
Didn't call me to pick you up.
I'm completely fine, how can I answer?
It's so clean.
Homework, brother, this is my house cleaning.
Yes, I have nothing to do today, so I cleaned the house a little.
Are you hungry?
No, I'm done eating.
Brother homework, xin chào save.
Because I'm very economical.
Do you want to consider marrying me?
Stop kidding.
The pure friendship between us
It's impossible.
Oh right, you saved my grandmother anyway.
This is not a money saver, and I didn't come to give it to you.